we're not gonna fall for a banana in the
tailpipe you're not gonna fall about the
banana in the tailpipe it should be more
natural rather should flow out like this
look man I Apollo for no banana in my
pear pie my natural you can hang
out with this dude too long I'm sorry
spike was just funny hey them
niggas coca billet olive ill holla for
real we make it happen Street friendly
coca billet a labelled holla for real we
make it happen street friendly coca
billet olive ill holla for real we make
it happen three criminals coca bit of
dollar bill holla for real we make it
happen Street feminist at gun Sam and
lyrics pound out your father for your
mistake shoot down coca billet olive ill
holla for real we make it happen Street
feminist at gun Sam and lyrics pound I'm
father for your mistake shoot down the
clan we carry everything tangle my
throat is playing around for coca
billion dollar bill Haller for real we
make it happen Street criminals stack
kind of salmon lyrics pound out your
father for your mistake shoot down a
plane coke up in a dollar bill Haller
for real we make it happen Street
feminist at kind of salmon lyrics pound
I'm father for your mistake shoot down
the clan we can't niggas ain't the same
for my flows flames ride around farming
style of Brooklyn flamer good reef and
me shy they playing suave yourself
mainly blow no leaky with my money
and cut my honey it's up to you
you better have a to big shits no
hammers over the runners play my
light up going bananas stand the bends
over lenses
oh the wrong tone
do it again I'll tell you the face with
a soldering iron does your mother so get
a soda